Background page load fail bug fix release note (#30097)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/background/index.md

            key in the manifest.json file of your extension.
          </p>
        </div>
        <p>

>           See the note following the table regarding browser support.

Reviewer: The note applies to `page` and `scripts` and `service_worker` - basically every key. Would it make sense to turn the NOTE in a dedicated section and link it somewhere?

P.S. In another comment I suggested to add a code example to make the behavior easier to understand. That could then be a final part of the Example section.

Author: Thanks @Rob--W I've moved the content below the property descriptions to a new "browser support" section and included the example

        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>service_worker</code></td>
      <td>
        <p>
          Specify a JavaScript file as the extension service worker. A service worker is a background script that acts as the extension's main event handler.
        </p>
        <p>
          See the note following the table regarding browser support.
        </p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> **Note:** Support for the `scripts` and `service_workers` properties varies between browsers like this.
>
> - Chrome:
>   - supports `background.service_worker`.

> >   - before Chrome 121, Chrome refuses to load an extension that has `background.scripts` present. From Chrome 121, Chrome loads these extensions and ignores `background.scripts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   - supports `background.scripts` (and `background.page`) in Manifest V2 extensions only.
>   - before Chrome 121, Chrome refuses to load a Manifest V3 extension that has `background.scripts` or `background.page` present. From Chrome 121, their presence in a Manifest V3 extension is ignored.
```

Feel free to copy-edit to improve the language if needed.

> - Safari:
>   - supports `background.service_worker`.

> >   - supports `background.scripts`, if `service_worker` is not specified.

Reviewer: Maybe move the Safari section after Firefox, so that the special cases with Chrome and Firefox are next to each other.

Author: Done

> - Firefox:
>   - supports `background.service_worker` if the service worker feature is enabled. However, this feature is affected by [a bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1775618#c1).
>   - supports `background.scripts`, if `service_worker` is not specified or the service worker feature is disabled.

> 

Reviewer: This whole section is kind of complex. I think that it would be easier to understand if we preface it by an example and then explain the result. Like this:

```json
{
  "name": "Demo of service worker + event page",
  "version": "1",
  "manifest_version": 3,
  "background": {
    "scripts": ["background.js"],
    "service_worker": "background.js"
   }
}
```

background.js:

```js
if (typeof browser == "undefined") {
  // Chrome does not support the browser namespace yet.
  globalThis.browser = chrome;
}
browser.runtime.onInstalled.addListener(() => {
  browser.tabs.create({ url: "http://example.com/firstrun.html" });
});
```
